README.md, before:

# Blackbird.io Braze

Blackbird is the new automation backbone for the language technology industry.
Blackbird provides enterprise-scale automation and orchestration with a simple
no-code/low-code platform. Blackbird enables ambitious organizations to
identify, vet and automate as many processes as possible. Not just localization
workflows, but any business and IT process. This repository represents an
application that is deployable on Blackbird and usable inside the workflow
editor.

## Introduction

<!-- begin docs -->

Braze is a customer engagement platform that helps brands deliver personalized,
real-time messaging across channels like email, mobile, SMS, and web.

## Before setting up

Before you can connect you need to make sure that:

- You have access to a Braze instance and the right permissions to create API
  keys.
- Create an API key under Settings > APIs and identifiers > API Keys > Create
  API Key.
  - Under permissions grant all permissions for _Campaigns_ and _Canvas_

## Connecting

1. Navigate to apps and search for Braze.
2. Click _Add Connection_.
3. Name your connection for future reference e.g. 'My Braze'.
4. Fill in the Braze instance your account is on. You can find a table of
   instances
   [here](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/basics/#braze-rest-api-collection).
5. Fill in the _API Key_ obtained earlier.
6. Click _Connect_

## Actions

### Campaigns

- **Search campaigns** returns a list of campaigns. Searchable by last edited
  date.
- **Get campaign** returns campaign metadata.
- **Download campaign message** downloads the campaign message in both JSON and
  HTML formats. Use in conjunction with **Upload campaign message** after
  translation.
- **Upload campaign message** uploads the campaign message content from a
  translated file. use in conjunction with **Download campaign message**.

- **Add translation tags to email template** given an email template,
  automatically adds the \{% localization id_x } tags around translatable
  content.

### Canvases

- **Search canvases** returns a list of canvases. Searchable by last edited
  date.
- **Get canvas** gets all details of a specific canvas
- **Download canvas message** downloads the canvas message in both JSON and HTML
  format
- **Upload canvas message** uploads the canvas message content from a translated
  file

### Email templates

- **Search email templates** returns the email template metadata** Retrieves a list of email templates filtered by modification dates, limit, and offset
- **Create email template** creates a new email template
- **Get email template** retrieves information about an email template, including the body as HTML
- **Add tags to email template** adds tags to an email template
- **Remove tags from email template** removes tags from an email template
- **Update email template** updates an email template
- 

### Events

- **On canvas updated** triggers when a canvas is updated
- **On campaign updated** triggers when a campaign is updated
- **On campaign message tag added** triggers when a campaign message tag is
  added
- **On canvas message tag added** triggers when a canvas message tag is added

## Example

![example](Images/README/example.png)

This workflow triggers whenever a campaign is updated in Braze. It automatically
downloads the campaign message, creates a translation job in Phrase TMS, waits
for the job to complete, pulls down the translated content, uploads the
localized campaign back into Braze, and finally sends a Slack notification
confirming that the translated campaign is live.

## Feedback

Do you want to use this app or do you have feedback on our implementation? Reach
out to us using the [established channels](https://www.blackbird.io/) or create
an issue.

<!-- end docs -->

Commit message:

Introduce 'On campaign message translation added or updated' polling event

README.md, after:

# Blackbird.io Braze

Blackbird is the new automation backbone for the language technology industry.
Blackbird provides enterprise-scale automation and orchestration with a simple
no-code/low-code platform. Blackbird enables ambitious organizations to
identify, vet and automate as many processes as possible. Not just localization
workflows, but any business and IT process. This repository represents an
application that is deployable on Blackbird and usable inside the workflow
editor.

## Introduction

<!-- begin docs -->

Braze is a customer engagement platform that helps brands deliver personalized,
real-time messaging across channels like email, mobile, SMS, and web.

## Before setting up

Before you can connect you need to make sure that:

- You have access to a Braze instance and the right permissions to create API
  keys.
- Create an API key under Settings > APIs and identifiers > API Keys > Create
  API Key.
  - Under permissions grant all permissions for _Campaigns_ and _Canvas_

## Connecting

1. Navigate to apps and search for Braze.
2. Click _Add Connection_.
3. Name your connection for future reference e.g. 'My Braze'.
4. Fill in the Braze instance your account is on. You can find a table of
   instances
   [here](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/basics/#braze-rest-api-collection).
5. Fill in the _API Key_ obtained earlier.
6. Click _Connect_

## Actions

### Campaigns

- **Search campaigns** returns a list of campaigns. Searchable by last edited
  date.
- **Get campaign** returns campaign metadata.
- **Download campaign message** downloads the campaign message in both JSON and
  HTML formats. Use in conjunction with **Upload campaign message** after
  translation.
- **Upload campaign message** uploads the campaign message content from a
  translated file. use in conjunction with **Download campaign message**.

- **Add translation tags to email template** given an email template,
  automatically adds the \{% localization id_x } tags around translatable
  content.

### Canvases

- **Search canvases** returns a list of canvases. Searchable by last edited
  date.
- **Get canvas** gets all details of a specific canvas
- **Download canvas message** downloads the canvas message in both JSON and HTML
  format
- **Upload canvas message** uploads the canvas message content from a translated
  file

### Email templates

- **Search email templates** returns the email template metadata** Retrieves a list of email templates filtered by modification dates, limit, and offset
- **Create email template** creates a new email template
- **Get email template** retrieves information about an email template, including the body as HTML
- **Add tags to email template** adds tags to an email template
- **Remove tags from email template** removes tags from an email template
- **Update email template** updates an email template


### Events

- **On canvas updated** triggers when a canvas is updated
- **On campaign updated** triggers when a campaign is updated
- **On campaign message tag added** triggers when a campaign message tag is
  added
- **On campaign message translation added or updated** triggers when a campaign message translation is added or updated. If a message hasn't been updated in over a year, this event will trigger again for that message. Please note: if the translation update results in a duplicate translation ID error from the `/campaigns/translations` API, the event will not be triggered
- **On canvas message tag added** triggers when a canvas message tag is added

## Example

![example](Images/README/example.png)

This workflow triggers whenever a campaign is updated in Braze. It automatically
downloads the campaign message, creates a translation job in Phrase TMS, waits
for the job to complete, pulls down the translated content, uploads the
localized campaign back into Braze, and finally sends a Slack notification
confirming that the translated campaign is live.

## Feedback

Do you want to use this app or do you have feedback on our implementation? Reach
out to us using the [established channels](https://www.blackbird.io/) or create
an issue.

<!-- end docs -->
